c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests.pdb
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.pdb
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\obj\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\obj\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\obj\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeMachineDAL.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeMachineDAL.pdb
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
