c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\CoffeeMachine.backend.dll.config
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\CoffeeMachine.backend.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\CoffeeMachine.backend.pdb
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\obj\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\obj\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\obj\Debug\CoffeeMachine.backend.pdb
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\CoffeMachineDAL.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\CoffeMachineDAL.pdb
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Khaled\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CoffeeMachine.backend\CoffeeMachine.backend\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
